---
sidebar_position: 3
title: 2.3 SCP Interaction
sidebar_label: 2.3 SCP Interaction
---

export const Highlight = ({children, color}) => (
<span
style={{
      backgroundColor: color,
      borderRadius: '2px',
      color: '#fff',
      padding: '0.2rem',
    }}>
{children}
</span>
);

## [2.3] SCP Interaction - <Highlight color="#c29429">Medium</Highlight> | <Highlight color="#e05122">Severe</Highlight> Infraction;
- [2.31] Members of the Foundation when interacting with sentient SCPs must remain respectful and kind. Intentionally angering an SCP will be classified as rogue misconduct. 
 - [2.31.1] Shooting or punching at hostile or non-hostile SCPs outside of official duties or activities is prohibited.
- [2.32] Members of the Foundation are not permitted to interact with infectious SCPs, this includes;
 - [2.32.1] Intentionally interacting/walking into an infectious SCP or SCP instance to get infected.
- [2.33] When infected with an SCP virus/infection, members of the Foundation are permitted to work to spread the infection (Once already infected from circumstances that do not violate code 2.42).
 - [2.33.1] When infected with an SCP virus/infection, members of the Foundation are not permitted to spread the infection/virus into team spawn.
- [2.34] Members of the Foundation are prohibited from engaging/interacting with SCPs in unauthorized ways;
 - [2.34.1] Self-testing or testing on members of the Foundation.
 - [2.34.2] Moving, transporting, picking up, leading and carrying, SCP objects, containers, or crates outside of authorized Department duties.
 

:::warning [2.31] Medium Reprimand
**1st Offense:** Verbal Warning <br />
**2nd Offense:** Written Warning <br />
**3rd Offense:** 2 Day suspension
:::

:::warning [2.32] [2.33] Major Reprimand
**1st Offense:** Formal Warning <br />
**2nd Offense:** 1-2 Day Suspension <br />
**3rd Offense:** 3-4 Day suspension
:::

:::warning [2.34] Major Reprimand
**1st Offense:** 1-2 Day Suspension <br />
**2nd Offense:** 3-4 Day Suspension <br />
**3rd Offense:** Foundation Exile
:::